README.md, before:

## JavaScript

- [TechyFreddy - WTF JavaScript. Arrays are Objects! But how?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTJDu7kkKWg)

## JavaScript Data Structures

- [MonsterlessonsAcademy - Queue Javascript Data Structure - Learn the Algorithm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1tkSrG6_Ao)

## TypeScript

- [MonsterlessonsAcademy - Typescript Type vs Interface - Which One Is Better?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZWrIocSA1g)
- [PedroTech (playlist) - Learn Typescript](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpPqplz6dKxW1LdiHpJMyC5bzuzGxKlFm)
- [Into the Coding - TypeScript in a nutshell: interfaces, primitive types, response types etc.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwBkhGQ89ss)

## HTML5 Canvas

[Frankslaboratory - HTML5 Canvas CRASH COURSE for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yvz_axxWG4Y)

## CSS

- [SlayingTheDragon (playlist) - CSS](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlKKnT3UqNu0RWvCCZBnSPfhsepQ5BYN3)

  - [ ] 1. Build Your Portfolio Website - HTML CSS JS - Dark Mode - Lazy Loading (56K views, 4 months ago, 3:32:19)
  - [ ] 2. Master Media Queries And Responsive CSS Web Design Like a Chameleon! (61K views, 4 months ago, 9:44)
  - [ ] 3. Learn CSS Positioning Quickly With A Real World Example (239K views, 8 months ago, 8:32)
  - [ ] 4. Learn CSS Animations In 20 Minutes - For Beginners (466K views, 8 months ago, 21:22)
  - [ ] 5. A CSS Unit Deep Dive - Learn CSS Units & When To Use Them (35K views, 8 months ago, 15:13)
  - [ ] 6. Learn CSS Grid - A 13 Minute Deep Dive (169K views, 8 months ago, 13:35)
  - [ ] 7. Learn Flexbox CSS in 8 minutes (717K views, 9 months ago, 8:16)

## Projects

- [Robot Bobby - Create the Earth with THREE.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FntV9iEJ0tU)
- [CodeBraces - Analog Clock HTML CSS Javascript Dark Mode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlAw_kd2608)
- [Code Traversal (playlist)(Hindi) - JavaScript Projects for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMxec9nlD1X2ifPtxeu3Xm9nK1c4eBx2x)

## Interesting and useful YouTube Channels

- [The Coding Train](https://www.youtube.com/c/TheCodingTrain) - Daniel Shiffman; great projects and ideas
- [Traversy Media](https://www.youtube.com/c/TraversyMedia)
- [Web Dev Simplified](https://www.youtube.com/c/WebDevSimplified)
- [FireShip](https://www.youtube.com/c/Fireship)
- [Codevolution](https://www.youtube.com/c/Codevolution)
- [Academind](https://www.youtube.com/c/Academind)

Commit message:

Adds JavaScript resources (Dmitri Pavlutin's blog) and project ideas

README.md, after:

## JavaScript

- [Dmitri Pavlutin (blog)](https://dmitripavlutin.com/)
  - [JavaScript Closure: The Beginner's Friendly Guide](https://dmitripavlutin.com/javascript-closure/)
  - [Gentle Explanation of "this" in JavaScript](https://dmitripavlutin.com/gentle-explanation-of-this-in-javascript/)
  - [5 Differences Between Arrow and Regular Functions](https://dmitripavlutin.com/differences-between-arrow-and-regular-functions/)
  - [Pure Functions in JavaScript: A Beginner's Guide](https://dmitripavlutin.com/javascript-pure-function/)
  - [4 Ways to Create an Enum in JavaScript](https://dmitripavlutin.com/javascript-enum/)
  - ['return await promise' vs 'return promise' in JavaScript](https://dmitripavlutin.com/return-await-promise-javascript/)
  - [How to Use fetch() with JSON](https://dmitripavlutin.com/fetch-with-json/)
  - and many more great posts!
- [TechyFreddy - WTF JavaScript. Arrays are Objects! But how?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTJDu7kkKWg)

### JavaScript Data Structures

- [MonsterlessonsAcademy - Queue Javascript Data Structure - Learn the Algorithm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1tkSrG6_Ao)

## TypeScript

- [MonsterlessonsAcademy - Typescript Type vs Interface - Which One Is Better?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZWrIocSA1g)
- [PedroTech (playlist) - Learn Typescript](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpPqplz6dKxW1LdiHpJMyC5bzuzGxKlFm)
- [Into the Coding - TypeScript in a nutshell: interfaces, primitive types, response types etc.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwBkhGQ89ss)

## HTML5 Canvas

[Frankslaboratory - HTML5 Canvas CRASH COURSE for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yvz_axxWG4Y)

## CSS

- [SlayingTheDragon (playlist) - CSS](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlKKnT3UqNu0RWvCCZBnSPfhsepQ5BYN3)

  - [ ] 1. Build Your Portfolio Website - HTML CSS JS - Dark Mode - Lazy Loading (56K views, 4 months ago, 3:32:19)
  - [ ] 2. Master Media Queries And Responsive CSS Web Design Like a Chameleon! (61K views, 4 months ago, 9:44)
  - [ ] 3. Learn CSS Positioning Quickly With A Real World Example (239K views, 8 months ago, 8:32)
  - [ ] 4. Learn CSS Animations In 20 Minutes - For Beginners (466K views, 8 months ago, 21:22)
  - [ ] 5. A CSS Unit Deep Dive - Learn CSS Units & When To Use Them (35K views, 8 months ago, 15:13)
  - [ ] 6. Learn CSS Grid - A 13 Minute Deep Dive (169K views, 8 months ago, 13:35)
  - [ ] 7. Learn Flexbox CSS in 8 minutes (717K views, 9 months ago, 8:16)

## Projects

- [Robot Bobby - Create the Earth with THREE.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FntV9iEJ0tU)
- [CodeBraces - Analog Clock HTML CSS Javascript Dark Mode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlAw_kd2608)
- [Code Traversal (playlist)(Hindi) - JavaScript Projects for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMxec9nlD1X2ifPtxeu3Xm9nK1c4eBx2x)

### Project ideas

- Breakout
- Lunar lander
- Platformer game
  - [Chris Courses - Vertical Platformer Game Tutorial with JavaScript and HTML Canvas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTVoyWu8r6g)
  - [Chris Courses - Online Multiplayer JavaScript Game Tutorial - Full Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXquxWtE5vA)

## Interesting and useful YouTube Channels

- [The Coding Train](https://www.youtube.com/c/TheCodingTrain) - Daniel Shiffman; great projects and ideas
- [Chris Courses](https://www.youtube.com/c/ChrisCourses) - Chris Sev; many JavaScript game tutorials (platformer, multiplayer...)
- [Traversy Media](https://www.youtube.com/c/TraversyMedia)
- [Web Dev Simplified](https://www.youtube.com/c/WebDevSimplified)
- [FireShip](https://www.youtube.com/c/Fireship)
- [Codevolution](https://www.youtube.com/c/Codevolution)
- [Academind](https://www.youtube.com/c/Academind)
